DOCAPI-7431: Queries with parameters docs. EN review. RU translation. (#6632)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/interfaces/cli.md

### Queries with Parameters {#cli-queries-with-parameters}

> You can create a query with parameters and pass values of the corresponding client app parameters to them. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a query with parameters and pass values to them from client application. This allows to avoid formatting query with specific dynamic values on client side. For example:
```

```bash
clickhouse-client --param_parName="[1, 2]"  -q "SELECT * FROM table WHERE a = {parName:Array(UInt16)}"
```

> #### Query Syntax {#cli-queries-with-parameters-syntax}

Reviewer: anchor uses old title

> Format a query using the standard method. Place the values that you want to pass from the app parameters to the query in braces in the following format:

Reviewer: what does "standard method" mean? this syntax has nothing to do with SQL standard

```
{<name>:<data type>}
```

> - `name` — Placeholder identifier that should be used in app parameters as `--param_<name> = value`.

Reviewer: `--param_...` example is for console client only

> - `data type` — Data type of the app parameter value. For example, a data structure like `(integer, ('string', integer))` can have the `Tuple(UInt8, Tuple(String, UInt8))` data type (you can also use another [integer](../data_types/int_uint.md) types).

Reviewer: maybe link to list of available data types?
